Added SOLETH flip market (#1)
WASD3Rplay/synstation-topics: topic-20.md

Will SOL flip ETH in 2025?

> ### Market Rules:
> The market will resolve to **YES** if the **1-minute** low of **SOL's market cap** remains higher than the **1-minute** high of **ETH's market cap** for **five consecutive candles**, based on charts from the sources below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Market Rules:
1. **Winning Condition (YES Resolution):**  
   - The market will resolve to **YES** if the **1-minute low** of **SOL's market cap** remains **higher** than the **1-minute high** of **ETH's market cap** for **five consecutive 1-minute candles**.

2. **Non-Winning Condition (NO Resolution):**  
   - If the above condition is **not met by the end of 2025 (UTC)**, the market will resolve to **NO**.
```
